Implement playwright end-to-end browser-based tests (#232)
inrupt/solid-client-notifications-js: e2e/browser/test/README.md

> # End-to-end tests for solid-client in the browser

Reviewer: This change looks incorrect?

Author: Indeed f6722f74d955263a111480c64bff3bd77eb501e0

There are two main parts:

- The system under test, which you can find under ./src side-by-side with these tests
- The test code, which you can find in this directory.

## The system under test

The system under test is our existing test application, which is also used to try our
library in the browser, and to verify whether the built code works after a pull
request.

> One thing to note is that its dependency on solid-client-access-grants should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One thing to note is that its dependency on `solid-client-notifications` should be
```

Author: f6722f74d955263a111480c64bff3bd77eb501e0
